fortunately no seasons sepang with 19 years
were steaua together
look for a press not an everyday name
Bart for a true Ajax youth from now on comes out as seventh
but if she claims she plays at ajax
even though
representative
mmmm nos also highlighted jump person
totally feasting game well oh well worth it
and look at it can go ashore
mail they don't want to come together anymore then
aegon had to shoot at the same time
and now it's gone
with another check there are so over
your brother played an official match in the aex fell against van damme
what if you like that
but they still have a lot of containers, a small one looking at the city
the end
e2
so and then it came to be in the news
proud of that
yes we indicate that there were in portfolio
beside of the bees ijsselmeervogels
the main class so
in addition to the Russian beauty
he just plays a swan there
as we are
how long did ajax play
but the whole season on my twelfth season
I am calm from the seventh minute on, but the game
alcatel and participated
he sees that it was all just one step further
both can then then I was allowed to participate in a practice competition and
trainings
the foundation the playmaker of
You can almost all the teams by every woman showed two points
to the arena and now then young ajax yes
all teams and even
that is also possible yes I have the best memory
reportedly a decrease was deen
I thought so myself
and in the arena nb there was just for me
even though getting robin to show off as a trainer then
it also just however after which aegon one
yes from the ec bad luck when a good season was running
and often a lot in the many prizes but also though
or else 10
and to view Jaap first strokes for years
I also have despite my injury
I also have a yes
got a contract so that was for me however
and now just a person in space always stay that way
on
I have a large English left back
I have a place where you have always stood
but no I also lost in the center are left in the center
but what i do
brando country yes, played very poorly
but yes all in all and four
the left back the slalom
that is just changeable sometimes that's why I have for one season, for example
I just played four rounds one all the time
according to see on the left back
how could it be I just focus on cycling a few committees
after all youth teams, this season ended up with young ajax
I like the wk
well of me changeable
good plan
after the start clarity preparations will played as viewer
well
the man regularly my life now
I sit them yes a bit in addition says Marc
the seeds for me is going to get me a good basis again
and then on again
how to go further
and then try it with it
but a coming to the Saint Nicholas is a missed opportunity
the group had to be refused from a young ajax farmer
hooray a good group a home made just outside and inside it
field is just a good atmosphere has expired
And yes, it is just not possible to do any training
a viewing evening
it is also normal to open every training early
because we just train hard without staff
In addition, fall which became however Roemer
the car seated like blowing
such for the planned tunnel boy from south africa to the eighth finals
pick up the stentor is one
the whole class in the cell
but only as long as
is whether they obey
green cultures as well
nice to experience, says munsterman
such players from your children
lost last year
just like this year's trainer there is adrie koster yes with therefore one
comment how is the bond with him
well well yes but well together a ticket costs just as well
there are the training that say much rap world much say
h killed people
ball actually where institutions demand so much from the players and will soon
also some of it
both
German ratings again a lot of Ireland not trainers exist
in the cup match against young ajax very annoying when you get there again
played the game tip how was the lift
before that was hours there was nice to play the zaan
that much freedom the city
it was very upset for me from gogh tulip comercio
days not just two elburg a bit messy
laziness and yes
but so
also a bit of dennissen thus
well it was for me
Poland can play
what would you describe as her strongest points
waalwijk thinks i do have a good fit
left leg
and strong
and there may also be just after that for the war look at four that
I can just turn off a real men stand 6
and what are points that you need to improve
to finally reach your goal 9 which after i said watson is especially
Also look at the Eek with its home in some countries
it should not be too eager
and also be allowed to live yourself if, for example, you are welcome as a left back
zoom the to come
that's what people are for
do you have examples like love or as a central defender
which soccer players from the past might also be
well i like watch out
yes always frank the farmer in the newspaper
yes how he says but just continue
the build-up between already in algeria group knits also known as last year
difficult should an end to team agree with us because when you see
what he then
aegon ander also does such a good coaching
is it just much easier agreed
And then yes I do mind
the lord of vollenhoven
the contract with ajax runs on 30 June 2010 plus
where are you on 30 June 2010
but at the first
reached yes I am your tara I do not like plans because yes look with it
football
then you are a day against real
For example, a year like now, you can do a lot in the milk base
yes the recurring may have besides being different
and for me it is for business
next year per season because I will watch
and yet to develop the votes themselves
jessica
2010 I hope I hit his knee